fresh pizza dough basil some tomato
sauce olive oil and mozzarella cheese
that can only mean one thing that's
right today we're making pizza
margherita alright so the first thing
what we have over here is 16 ounces of
dough I'm going to get it stretched out
let's see how accurate I am yeah I think
I know what I'm doing alright so first
we're going to do the sauce the sauce is
very basic all I did was take some mob
plum tomatoes throw in a little bit of
our salt pepper olive oil and actually
some basil in there and we're going to
get the spread around okay next to some
basil now a lot of people there's a
debate on whether to put the basil on
before or after I actually deal with
both times I'm going to put some on
before and then we're going to top it
with a little bit later on now we have
whole milk yes you can only use whole
milk mozzarella basically in blocks
and now I'm going to put this in our
preheated oven which is preheated at
five hundred and twenty-five degrees so
here we are about halfway through and
we're now going to slide it off the pan
put it directly on the rack and every
couple minutes we're going to come here
and turn it and we should be done pretty
soon and here we go it is now done took
about maybe 10-12 minutes last step is
we're just going to top off some fresh
basil on it
and one last thing listen to this nice
crispiness mmm thank you for watching
everyone